### Formulas Used

Profit/Loss =  (today’s price of 1BTC * X bitcoins you bought) - (price you bought 1BTC at * X bitcoins you bought)
Interest Rate = (currency_price*.10)+currency_price

### Descriptions and Functionalities

This app fetches cryptocurrency details of over 100 coins from [coingecko API docs]. On the top part of the app is the dynamic changing description of the first rank or the highest amount of 1 coin to USD. The user can click buttons that represents fluctuation of the prices depends on the duration that starts from 1 Day up to 1 Year. On its right side is the overview of the details of the highest cryptocurrency which also coded dynamically, and the user can view the full descptions by clicking the bottom button. On the left pane is the Investment Options of the user namely, `Buy`, `Sell`, `Transaction History`, `Track Investment` and the `User's Wallet`. First, I set the default amount of the User's wallet to `$1,000,000` for start up amount. This will be dynamically change after such transactions like `Buy` or `Sell`. If the User buys a certain coin, the User shoul select first what coin to buy and how much quantity. At the bottom part of the `Buy` modal is the the latest `currency_price` of the selected coin, next is the `total_value` which is computed by multiplying the `currency_price` by 0.10 and its product will be added again to `currency_price` to get its `Interest Rate`. The sum will then be multiplied depends on the user's input of the quantity of the coin. After the `Buy` button is clicked, the details will be Posted (`.post`) to [http://localhost:4000/transactions] and the page will reload to view the latest details. If the user wants to `Sell` the coin, the user will select first what coin to sell. After the user selected the coin, below the text area is the `On Hand Coin Amount` which represents the latest quantity of the selected coin. **Note: The amount should not be less than 1 or more than the `On Hand Coin Amount` or else the details will not be posted to the endpoint**. The user can also view the `Transaction History`. The table shows the type or transaction, date or transaction, name of the coin, it's current price, remaining coins invested or the on hand coin qty, total coin invested, total transaction which is computed using `Interest Rate Formula`, and the account money or the latest user's wallet. To view the `Profit` or `Loss` of the user before selling a certain amount of coin, the user will select first what coin and click the buttons wich represents the duration of its changes that depends on 1 Hour duration, 1 Day or 1 Week. Means that for 1hr, the user will gain or lost this amount of money, and so on. A postive amount of money indicates `Profit` or gain of money and a negative amount of money represents a `Loss`.